[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is a video on the best
alternatives to the 2016 15 inch MacBook
Pro now it's hard to find a truly
comparable device to that 15 inch
MacBook Pro because it's got some pretty
unique features like the touch bar and
Mac OS but if you're comfortable using
Mac OS or Windows and you're just
looking for a premium laptop that has
good build quality has good performance
with a quad-core CPU and has good
portability this video is for you
now this is not an exhaustive list but
these are ones that I personally really
like these are all quad-core laptops so
no surface products or ultrabooks
because those are all two core CPUs okay
first up we have the 2016 15 inch
MacBook Pro itself super thin pretty
powerful but very expensive and it's
only equipped with Thunderbolt 3 ports
next up we have last year's 15-inch
MacBook Pro it's bigger but it's still a
very capable machine it has more ports
and it's at a cheaper price point right
now we have the Asus you X is the most
premium laptop that ACS makes outside of
their gaming lineup not the thinnest
laptop but it has a really big battery
the MSI GSC it's one of the most
powerful laptops in here since it has a
GTX 1060 it's a gaming laptop but
because it's pretty thin and light it
makes the cut next up we have the Dell
XPS 15 it's still one of the best
laptops ever from Dell the carbon fiber
finish and the infinity display really
make this a strong contender here we
also have the arrow 14 from gigabyte
comes in black green and orange and
that's also equipped with a gtx 1060 but
this has a smaller 14 inch screen lastly
we have the 2016 razor blade also with
the gtx 1060 one of the thinnest laptops
with this powerful graphics chip it also
has a 14 inch screen and it has chroma
lighting so like I've done on other
videos like this I'm going to go through
some categories and then tell you my top
picks for each particular category in
terms of build quality the Mac books are
the kings here they're really well built
the razor blade and the XPS 15 I would
say are tied for second place the XPS 15
and feels a little more durable the
razor blade look cleaner to me you can
actually get skins for all three of
these laptops from dbrand and they can
look awesome I'll link them below the 4k
display on the XPS 15 is really nice
it's not the brightest of the group but
it's still plenty bright it's the most
color accurate and it has super thin
bezels the 2016 MacBook Pro has lower
resolution but it's very bright which is
great
if you use your laptop outdoors a lot it
has a very wide color gamut but it isn't
as color accurate the UX 5:01 also is a
great 4k display none of them have bad
screens though it's just a matter of
preference for resolution and screen
size MacBooks tend to have terrible user
upgradability in fact the 2016 15 inch
MacBook Pro can't be upgraded at all the
RAM and the SSD are both on board now
all of the Windows laptops have
upgradeable RAM and storage except for
the razor blade you could only upgrade
the storage for the razor blade the most
upgradable is the msi GS and two Drive
bays the XPS 15 can also do this but
it's a little bit more complex gotta
order some parts and to do that these
all have good keyboards none of them are
bad personally I like the keyboard on
the 2016 15 inch MacBook Pro the most I
know a lot of people would disagree but
I personally can type the fastest and
most accurately with it no joke the GS
63 the XPS 15 and the razor blade with
chrome elating are all so good but you
know what you can't go wrong with any of
these keyboards they're all enjoyable to
use the Mac books are still the trackpad
leaders the taptic engine the surface
texture the precision they're still the
best it's kind of sad we're rolling into
2017 here and windows laptops are still
haven't perfected the trackpad but of
this bunch the one that I like the most
is the XPS 15 now any of them that can
use native windows precision drivers are
going to be better but the MacBook
trackpads are still the best the laptop
with the best selection of ports is
definitely the MacBook now I'm kidding
I'd say the winner is the msi gs70 SD
reader is slower I think it's use b2 but
basically all the Windows laptops tend
to have a pretty good selection of ports
the razor blade is missing an SD reader
the Aero 14 doesn't have Thunderbolt 3
support but aside from that they're all
well equipped with ports the only one
here with rock-solid external GPU
support is the razor blade so if you
connect that to the razor core it works
perfectly the XPS 15 isn't bad either
but the rest of them are still kind of
flaky right now with external GPS
aside from MacBooks they're all rocking
the skylake 6,700 HQ processor very
similar cpu performance across the board
the laptops with the gtx 1060 s are the
best performers between them they're too
close to really say which one's the
winner
maybe the GS 63 but they're all really
powerful
now thermally the laptops with the
weaker cards are going to produce less
heat and have quieter fans the MacBook
and the XPS 15 are the most quiet when
they're under load the razor blade and
the arrow 14 are the loudest when
they're gaming the 2016 MacBook speakers
can't be beat no one's making better
speakers right now and to be honest all
of the Windows laptop speakers sound
similar in overall quality I mean they
sound different from each other but it's
hard to really label a winner so if the
2016 MacBook has first place the 2015
MacBook has second place and maybe the
razor blade for third place none of them
are bad though in general battery life
isn't going to be amazing on laptops
like these skylake processors are
reasonably energy efficient but when you
take a quad-core CPU and you put it into
a thin and light chassis you can only
expect so much the 2015 15 inch MacBook
Pro has the best battery life it's an
older processor but it has a big battery
and Mac OS is pretty energy-efficient of
the Windows laptops the UX 5:01 is the
longest lasting here the XPS 15 when
it's configured with the big battery is
also pretty good ok in terms of value
none of these laptops are going to be
particularly cheap they're all premium
in some way or another I think the best
value overall would be the msi gs70
performance of something else but it
delivers really good bang for the buck
the UX 5:01 is also pretty well priced
with its 4k screen and a used or
refurbished 2015 MacBook Pro can also be
a pretty good value now you can't go
wrong choosing any of these laptops and
there's other really good options out
there that aren't in this video
something like the Alienware 13 it's a
little bit thicker and heavier than the
rest of them here it is a great quad
core laptop in terms of like the best
overall one it really depends on what
you're doing as a video editor my
personal top pick is the XPS 15 mostly
because of the screen I really like the
color accuracy and I really like
fact that has really thin bezels that
just seals it for me if you need for
information about any of these laptops
they're going to be linked below
individual reviews as well as some
benchmarks for some of the video cards
actually one of the video cards the GTX
1060 but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs have you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
[Music]